# STADVDB_MCO2

The transaction management website application system uses the appointments dataset. For this transaction and recovery simulation, the group used the appointments table. The appointment table was cleaned using pandas. The appointments table was linked with the clinics table to get the hospitalname, city, and regionname variables needed for the transaction. After cleaning, the data was reduced to 700 appointments which have no null values. The transaction uses three node servers where an appointments database is stored. The appointments table inside the database stores the apptid, pxid, queuedate, hospitalname, city, regionname, type, and status. All nodes share the same appointments table. The non-editable data in the database are the apptid, pxid, and regionname. To explain, the apptid and pxid acts as the records of the patient, and are non-editable. The regionname acts for region-based records which can be transferrable to other hospitals and cities within that region.

Node 0 acts as the central node which contains all the data. Node 1 acts as the node which contains the Luzon-only records. Node 2 acts as the node which contains the Visayas and Mindanao records.

Before proceeding with the simulation, the Apache server default page was changed to host the web application. The configuration was changed to host the folder of the project. A Proxxy Server was added to locate the local host and the port number in which the website is hosted via node js. The MySQL server was also configured to allow for the Multi-Master Replication setup. All nodes' bindadress was changed to 0.0.0.0 to accommodate for networks connected to the IP address. To test if the connection is working, the server was also loaded inside the local workbench following the ccscloud.dlsu.edu.ph as the hostname and the port to the vmid which contains the server for each node. The TRIGGER was loaded inside the local workbench for precision and clarity.
